on you to 1973 Dodge Charger with the
340 I made it the super B clone it goes
the engine bay right there
take all around it
good nice little view on it
get me close this foot so I'm gonna
overall the appearance of the car see it
says super beyond their 344 barrel with
the rammer has the tax setup right here
in the front personal opinion and don't
really like the tax out there like that
but you know it's personal preference so
I didn't bother and messing with it as
far as that goes
sweet car man the color is pretty crazy
it's really I catchy and not too much I
don't really know so much about classics
I did a little research on them so you
got the dual exhaust hi scar nice car
color really stands out on it has the
hooker headers
and that's the inside of the car has
that white leather interior on black
carpet - right there
and it has that electric fuel pump turn
that on once you turn on the engine you
have the American Racing wheels try it
on it's almost perfect man they're brand
new tires to study the truth 90% tread
left on those digs hit the spoiler on
there and let me take you on the other
side of the car a couple little details
nothing nothing major oh great I mean
you can't even really call it a project
car you probably have to put a little
bit into it to make it you know exactly
how you want it but it's it's a hell of
a car man a nice car show you the front
of it that's pretty weak any questions
call me at seven eight seven two three
seven eight four nine zero or email me
strangely at get Auto link at live.com
thanks a lot for the viewing